hello good evening
you have my reservation who is this
Jerry Seinfeld no Jerry yeah
do you have my reservation who is it
Derek no Jerry Seinfeld one moment
please
all right trying to get my piston up one
moment one moment I'm getting my system
up sorry it's giving some now you said
you have a reservation for this weekend
are they in yeah don't have a
reservation for room for Jerry Seinfeld
for this weekend what I don't have a
reservation for Jerry Seinfeld for this
weekend really so you know how to take
the reservation you just don't know how
to hold yes I can take a reservation for
you but I don't have an existing
reservation that was amazing
Thanks yeah so do you want to go ahead
and book yeah okay what what kind of
room are you looking for I don't know
sorry what do you mean what can the room
are you looking for a groom cottage yes
yes what kind of room a cottage a room
with the king
I don't know what are you gonna tell me
what you want so I can book here the
room really have a suite available would
be a fifty per night plus tax
all right okay let me have your name in
your dress Jerry Seinfeld what's a dress
129 West 81st Street 129 West 33rd
Street yes and a zip no hello